You may have heard about a new feature
in JavaScript called async/await
it's a great way to work with promises
because it makes asynchronous code look
like regular synchronous code which is
easier to understand in this example
we're fetching two parts of a page
separately we've got a blog post and
we've got some comments we can change
this to use async await pretty easily
we await on each fetch so that we can
use the results without having to nest
in callbacks much easier to read but you
might notice that I've made a fairly
common mistake I've accidentally changed
the behavior of the code so things don't
happen in parallel anymore in the
original code you can see that both of
the fetch calls happen in the outer
function and they get resolved
independently in whatever order they
finish but in the new code the await on
the first fetch means that nothing else
will happen until it resolves including
the second fetch you can fix this pretty
easily by moving the await since
laughter both promises have been started
so we hold on to the promises from each
fetch and await on the values when we
actually need them and there you have it
both fetches can happen in parallel
again an async await still makes the
code look much simpler so you may notice
I'm not server but don't worry I'm just
here doing a guest tip if you'd like to
watch previous episode the server in it
you can click over here if you'd like to
find out when new episodes made you can
click Subscribe